1.6 is no longer LTS (#9605)
JuliaPackaging/Yggdrasil: CONTRIBUTING.md

When building binary packages we have to deal with [several incompatibilities](https://docs.binarybuilder.org/stable/tricksy_gotchas/).
As a general remark, when using GCC as compiler (which is default when targeting Linux and Windows platforms) try to use the ***oldest*** versions that is able to compile your code, which can be selected with the `preferred_gcc_version` keyword argument to the [`build_tarballs`](https://docs.binarybuilder.org/stable/reference/#BinaryBuilder.build_tarballs) function, especially for [C++ code](https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/manual/abi.html), this is the only way to get maximum compatibility.

> In any case, avoid using GCC 11+ when building C++, as that would be incompatible with Julia v1.10, the current Long Term Support version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In any case, avoid using GCC 11+ when building C++, as that would be incompatible with Julia v1.6.
```
